vnc_pve.html		/usr/share/novnc-pve
utils/launch.sh   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/utils
utils/websocket.py   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/utils
utils/wsproxy.py   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/utils
utils/websockify   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/utils
utils/rebind.so  	/usr/share/novnc-pve/utils
images  		/usr/share/novnc-pve
include/base64.js   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/des.js  	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/display.js  	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/keysymdef.js   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/keyboard.js   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/input.js   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/logo.js   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/base.css   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/blue.css   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/black.css   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/playback.js   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/rfb.js   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/ui.js   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/util.js   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/websock.js   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/webutil.js   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/jsunzip.js   	/usr/share/novnc-pve/include
include/web-socket-js/* /usr/share/novnc-pve/include/web-socket-js
